typo: fix missing backtick (#20202)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/agents/examples/browse-the-web.mdx

						content: `Return a JSON object with the product names, prices and URLs with the following format: { "name": "Product Name", "price": "Price", "url": "URL" } from the website content below. <content>${bodyContent}</content>`,
					},
				],
				response_format: {
					type: 'json_object',
				},
			});

			responses.push(resp);
			await browser.close();
		}

		return responses;
	}
}
```

</TypeScriptExample>

You'll also need to add install the `@cloudflare/puppeteer` package and add the following to the wrangler configuration of your Agent:

```sh
npm install @cloudflare/puppeteer --save-dev
```

<WranglerConfig>

```jsonc
{
	// ...
	"browser": {
    "binding": "MYBROWSER"
  }
  // ...
}
```

</WranglerConfig>

### Browserbase

You can also use [Browserbase](https://docs.browserbase.com/integrations/cloudflare/typescript) by using the Browserbase API directly from within your Agent.

Once you have your [Browserbase API key](https://docs.browserbase.com/integrations/cloudflare/typescript), you can add it to your Agent by creating a [secret](/workers/configuration/secrets/):

```sh
cd your-agent-project-folder
npx wrangler@latest secret put BROWSERBASE_API_KEY
```
```sh output

> Enter a secret value: ‚Ä¶ ******

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter a secret value: ******
```

---
title: Browse the web
pcx_content_type: concept
sidebar:
  order: 99
---

import { MetaInfo, Render, Type, TypeScriptExample, WranglerConfig } from "~/components";

Agents can browse the web using the [Browser Rendering](/browser-rendering/) API or your preferred headless browser service.

### Browser Rendering API

The [Browser Rendering](/browser-rendering/) allows you to spin up headless browser instances, render web pages, and interact with websites through your Agent.

<TypeScriptExample>

```ts
interface Env {
	BROWSER: Fetcher;
}

export class MyAgent extends Agent<Env> {
	constructor(env: Env) {
		super(env);
	}
}
```

</TypeScriptExample>

> You'll also need to add install the `@cloudflare/puppeteer` package and add the following to the wrangler configuration of your Agent:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will also need to add install the `@cloudflare/puppeteer` package and add the following to the wrangler configuration of your Agent:
```
